[WIP][SPARK-35189][SQL] Disallow implicit casting inputs of `SubtractDates` (#32295)
apache/spark: docs/sql-migration-guide.md

  - In Spark 3.2, `TRANSFORM` operator can't support alias in inputs. In Spark 3.1 and earlier, we can write script transform like `SELECT TRANSFORM(a AS c1, b AS c2) USING 'cat' FROM TBL`.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: Could you remove this.

Author: Done

  - In Spark 3.2, `TRANSFORM` operator can support `ArrayType/MapType/StructType` without Hive SerDe, in this mode, we use `StructsToJosn` to convert `ArrayType/MapType/StructType` column to `STRING` and use `JsonToStructs` to parse `STRING` to `ArrayType/MapType/StructType`. In Spark 3.1, Spark just support case `ArrayType/MapType/StructType` column as `STRING` but can't support parse `STRING` to `ArrayType/MapType/StructType` output columns.

  - In Spark 3.2, the unit-to-unit interval literals like `INTERVAL '1-1' YEAR TO MONTH` are converted to ANSI interval types: `YearMonthIntervalType` or `DayTimeIntervalType`. In Spark 3.1 and earlier, such interval literals are converted to `CalendarIntervalType`. To restore the behavior before Spark 3.2, you can set `spark.sql.legacy.interval.enabled` to `true`.
=======

>   - In Spark 3.2, `String_Column - Date_Column` will cause an analysis exception instead of implicitly converting the first column as Date Type. This is to make it consistent with the behavior of `String_Column - Timestamp_Column`. 

Reviewer: BTW, is `String_Column` common notion? Why not just `string column` or `<string column>` like in SQL standard.

Author: Done

  - In Spark 3.2, the unit-to-unit interval literals like `INTERVAL '1-1' YEAR TO MONTH` are converted to ANSI interval types: `YearMonthIntervalType` or `DayTimeIntervalType`. In Spark 3.1 and earlier, such interval literals are converted to `CalendarIntervalType`. To restore the behavior before Spark 3.2, you can set `spark.sql.legacy.interval.enabled` to `true`.

>   - In Spark 3.2, `String_Column - Date_Column` will cause an analysis exception instead of implicitly converting the first column as Date Type. This is to make it consistent with the behavior of `String_Column - Timestamp_Column`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - In Spark 3.2, the subtraction of string and date columns is disallowed. In Spark 3.1 and earlier, the first string column was implicitly casted to date type, which is inconsistent with the subtraction of string and timestamp columns.
```
